Put steel plate
His Highness Higawa is the head of our four evil emperors
He is the only heir to the Sun God Society
How dare you speak rudely in front of him
You are challenging the majesty of the entire Helios Society
It was actually the legendary First Divine Society of Dongyang
Helios
Hahahaha
Dare to be with you as long as it is our Sun God Society
What you want
There is nothing you can't get
You have to understand that.
Then I'll give you a suggestion too.
Your so-called Sun God Society
It is better to change the sun model directly
because
Trash like you in the sewer
Or is the toilet better for you?
Uncle
How dare you insult our Dongying Sun God Association?
Right? How dare you insult us, His Highness Ganba?
Believe it or not, I whored a prostitute and killed you
Oops, can you shut up and smell like kimchi before talking?
Throw it in the tank for you
It's too good for me, Jinrui
Xianhuang can't move
I must teach you a good lesson.
My brother is a fool to change me to appease and judge you
I'm a fool haha
Who gave you this name?
Quack! What are you laughing at?
Nothing, just a sudden memory of something happy
They are all very powerful
Are you sure you're really sure?
All of you, listen up.
hero
About to become a swordsman at the feet of my four-nation alliance
No matter how much you resist, it's useless
You'd better submit to us
Or you will die without a burial
Hahahahaha
You based on your lowly big lower frame
You are not bad looking
Give you a chance to be my sitting bitch
As long as you serve me well
I promise I won't treat you badly.
Pardon me?